Update execution-guide.md (#77)
CDCgov/phdi-azure: docs/execution-guide.md

# Execution Guide: How to run data through the Azure Starter Kit

### Set up accounts prior to running data though the pipeline

> First, please confirm that you meet the following user requirements:
> 1. Owner access to the Azure subscription where you would like to deploy the PHDI Starter Kit.
> 1. A GitHub account with a verified email address.
> 1. Access to create new repositories in the GitHub account or organization where your copy of this repository will be created.
> 1. If you are planning to use an organization account, you must be able to authorize the GitHub CLI to interact with the organization.

Reviewer: The requirements for running the Execution Guide are more minimal than the Implementation Guide.

```suggestion
First, please confirm that you meet the following user requirements:
1. Access to an Azure resource group where the starter kit has been deployed. Access must include the following roles:
    - `Storage Blob Data Contributor` on the PHI storage account
    - `FHIR Data Contributor` on the FHIR server
2. All of the files in the [sample-data/](../sample-data/) directory easily available on your computer.
```

> If you have not implemented the pipeline or do not meet one of the user requirements above, please follow the steps in this [Implementation Guide](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi-azure/blob/main/docs/implementation-guide.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you have not implemented the pipeline, please follow the steps in this [Implementation Guide](https://github.com/CDCgov/phdi-azure/blob/main/docs/implementation-guide.md). 

If you or your organization, have deployed the starter kit, but you do not have sufficient access please contact your organization's Azure administrator.

```

1. To see that the pipeline has executed, search for `Data factories` and go to the Data factories page.![azure-search-data-factories](./images/azure-search-data-factories.png)
1. Select your data factory, which will be titled `phdi-{environment}-data-factory`.![azure-select-ingestion-pipeline](./images/azure-select-ingestion-pipeline.png)
1. Launch the Data Factory Studio by clicking the blue button that says `Launch studio`.![azure-data-factory-launch-studio](./images/azure-data-factory-launch-studio.png)

> 1. Select your ingestion pipeline, which will be titled `phdi-{environment}-ingestion`. If you see multiple piplines with this name, select the one at the top (the most recently opened one).![azure-select-ingestion-pipeline-in-studio](./images/azure-select-ingestion-pipeline-in-studio.png)

Reviewer 2: I think we noticed that the pipeline won't be listed if it's your first time opening data factory. So we should add a disclaimer about this and maybe just say to go straight to the Monitor tab if there's no pipelines listed?

Author: Sg! I'll add the disclaimer for now and then might ask you a follow up Q about this later on whether it's best to just flip the steps regardless!

1. You should now see a diagram showing the steps of the pipeline. To view the status of our attempted run, click `Monitor` on the left sidebar.![azure-pipeline-select-monitor](./images/azure-pipeline-select-monitor.png)
1. We should now see that the ingestion pipeline has processed one message successfully.![azure-ingestion-single-execution](./images/azure-ingestion-single-execution.png)
1. To view the JSON configuration for the pipeline and a visualization of the process, go to the `AUTHOR` tab (pencil icon).![azure-workflow-source](./images/azure-workflow-source.png)
1. To view the cleaned and enriched data in the FHIR server, visit https://shell.azure.com to open the Cloud Shell.![azure-cloud-shell](./images/azure-cloud-shell.png)

> 1. Select the bash option.

Reviewer: 🚀
